---
title: InnovidXP Tag Setup Guide
description: This article describes how to set up the InnovidXP tag in your Tealium iQ Tag Management account.
url: https://docs.tealium.com/client-side-tags/innovidxp-tag/
---
## Tag Tips

* Map `user_ref` with the ID of the current visitor.
* Map `action_name` with the name of the action the user performed. For example, `registered` or `sale`. If an `action_name `is not provided, then action tracking will not occur.
* Map revenue with a value for any revenue generated by the action performed. If there is none, leave it unmapped or set it to `0`.
* Map product with a relevant product type for this action. For example, `gameconsole` if the user bought a game console.
* Map `action_id` with the internal ID of this action . For example, an order ID.
* Map `promocode` with a promotional or coupon code if the user entered one.

## Tag Configuration

Go to the tag marketplace to add a new tag. For more information about how to add a tag, see [Manage tags](https://docs.tealium.com/manage-tags/).

When adding the tag, configure the following settings:

* **Client ID**: (Required) Your InnovidXP-provided Client ID. You can find this in your InnovidXP code snippet, as part of the domain. For example, the 4-digit number in `collector-####.tvsquared.com`.
* **Site/Brand ID**: (Required) Your InnovidXP-provided Site/Brand ID. You can find this in your InnovidXP code snippet. For example,`TV-########-#`.
* **Tracker Type**: Select which tracker you want to trigger, `Visit` or `Action`.
* **Action Name**: If you select Action Tracker, then you must provide an Action Name. This should be the name of the action captured, such as `Conversion` or `Quote` You may also set Action Name through mappings.

## Load Rules

Load the tag on all pages or set conditions for when your tag loads. For more information, see [About load rules](https://docs.tealium.com/about-load-rules/).

## Data Mappings

Mapping is the process of sending data from a data layer variable to the corresponding destination variable of the vendor tag. For more information, see [About data mappings](https://docs.tealium.com/about-data-mappings/).

The available categories are:

### Standard

| Variable | Description |
|:---------|:------------|
| `action_name` | Action name. |

### E-Commerce

| Variable | Description |
|:---------|:------------|
| `action_id` | Action ID (Overrides `_corder`). |
| `product` | Product type (Overrides `_ccat`). |
| `promocode` | Promo code (Overrides `_cpromo`). |
| `revenue` | Revenue (Overrides `_csubtotal`). |
| `user_ref` | User reference (Overrides `_ccustid`). |