---
title: About iQ Profiles API
description: This section explains how to manage your iQ configurations through API. Use the iQ Profiles API to programmatically control and update your profile configuration.
url: https://docs.tealium.com/api/v3/iq-profiles/about/
---
## How it works

iQ Profiles is an API endpoint that makes your iQ Tag Management configuration available programmatically. Use this endpoint to retrieve specific configuration components, such as tags, extensions, load rules, events, and variables, and to add, edit, and delete a limited subset of components.

Use this API to access the versions and change history of your profiles and integrate your own SDLC.

iQ Profiles currently supports two requests:

* **GET**  
Returns specific content about iQ Tag Management account profiles, including: load rules, tags, tag templates, events, extensions, variables, and version IDs.
* **PATCH**  
Perform create, update, and delete operations on a limited subset of configuration components. Using this method results in new saved versions of your profile.

## Concurrent users and API users

When updating a profile, iQ Profiles scans for concurrent users and will lock the profile for API users to protect against concurrent changes. If another user is viewing the same profile or the profile has just been updated (within 15 seconds), the PATCH method will receive an error.

## Saving, versioning, and publishing

Using the PATCH request to update a profile creates a new or updated version in the application. To distinguish versions generated by the API from versions created in the application, the API formats the version name as `API | {TIMESTAMP}`.

To publish this profile after a successful PATCH call, log into the application, navigate to the latest saved version of your profile after the patch and publish.

## Permission requirements

* **GET Profile**  
Save and Save as New Versions permission
* **PATCH Profile**  
Save Existing Versions or Save as New Versions permission

## Authentication

The bearer token is used to authenticate all API calls and not the API key. The API key is only used in the authentication call. In addition to the bearer token, the authentication response includes a region-specific hostname that must be used in subsequent server-side API calls.

To learn about generating a bearer token from the API key, see [Authentication]().